hey guys it's rude rude this is a video
now that the setups up and running blue
lights are on if you can't really see
what's going on and whatever corals are
in there this isn't like a tank show-off
this is just now that I have the tank up
and running I got a question about how
loud this tank is when it's running with
the skimmer and everything we're gonna
mute the TV right and right now is
volume that the ears with everything
running it's really not loud and that's
what the cabinet open when I close the
cabinet
pardon the mess had to flow for a few
days this is the volume I have a decimal
meter but it's pretty quiet I do hear
the pump the main pump but in the
cabinet right now and this is really
quiet I've got my main pump that is
running this Vaz band reactor as well
maxi jet may be inside of a skimmer
chamber that's keeping any disorder
there are different things suspended so
that the skipper can I just give him a
the skimmer hasn't broken in yet I just
put it in today I was running my coral
life in there for about three days the
core life 65 and that similar to the
beast I mean it's not like some reef
oxwas there's something but I literally
put mud I never understand it when
people like oh I have this really brown
skinny and it's always water because my
coral life right here which I wish still
could be used a mistake maybe you could
I don't know but it really it filled up
the whole chamber that thing just pulled
in mud and this skaters running I'm
gonna turn off the scanner
if I can find the cord and give you the
taste of what it sounds like there's all
the massive wires back there I'm gonna
fix that
don't judge me I've been sick there we
go what should be off it is exactly the
same mascara is pretty strong like for
minuites I am going to leave this here
for a minute if I can get this to work
doesn't really want to stay here
I am now gonna plug the skimmer back in
and wait you see what it sounds like as
soon as it comes back
what it sounds like is nothing literally
nothing means the noise once it kicks on
and that's it but here it is it's a
miracle mutton here this whole stump I
actually got this whole idea from NYC
little shout out of him like his videos
he's very thorough and informative and
these are some that gross they're
probably get thrown out they're black
they're rotten they look kind of dead
for this size tank it's recommended that
I actually put in 10 pounds of miracle
mud not five only at five in the mail so
far so I put it in it's gonna be a pain
in the ass to have in the five pounds
more and I've had some of it what I tend
to travel outside and in here you can
see you can see has gathered here
and it's been transferred from this
refugium chamber through the battling I
just put this it's a little bit of
sponge yeah me back I just put this
little piece of sponge in there today oh
well it you know it's awful or
everything and that's actually taught a
lot of crap already if you would
well junk that was floating around and
getting transferred back into the main
tank and now it's not for the most part
except somebody's fine fine particles
I'll switch this maxi jet over to this
chamber at some point try to blow it out
a little bit and that'll get thrown up
in the main tank for a little bit but
then it should hopefully be caught by
the filter pads on the other side that's
it so it's pretty quiet and this is the
tank and I get a count see it's totally
washed out blue right now but this is it
I don't really have anything in here
that I plan on keeping too much it's not
the two major power outages in New York
over the last couple years I lost a lot
a lot of stuff in the transfer I had a
purple thing that I got for my friend I
rescued I had him for like three years
and he actually died that was pretty
upsetting he was my last fish that's not
sure I actually have a
gray watchman goby in this tank and he's
alive because I feel like he's a bottom
feeder and they live in crap and they're
used to sediment getting stirred up and
things like that these shrimp are still
alive and well in there there's like to
see stars certain sea stars and a pistol
shrimp and that's about it
crabs and snails just trying them but
other than that nothing
I had no fish going on except for that
one goby and not that I really can't
have too many it's a 45 gallon tank but
that's it guys that's the setup right
now I'm gonna be cleaning up this
construction project and give that to
you once I have more to show I said find
out thanks a lot for checking us out